[Music]
welcome to slash forward in this episode
we're gonna zip ahead eight years and
see what Mike Reggie and the gang have
been up to with the 1988 film phantasm -
lets get to it we open on an unfamiliar
character who wakes with the start her
name is Liz and she quickly scribbles
down notes in her dream journal we come
to learn that she's been having visions
about both Michael and the tall man for
the last eight years her visions drop us
off at the end of the prior movie Reggie
rushing upstairs in response to
Michael's cries indicating those events
actually happened he tries to think of a
way out of this situation starting with
his gun but ending in the kitchen when
he is both attacked and snapped at by a
dwarf since one is about all he can
handle he quickly devises a plan to
explode the rest real good cranking the
gas and running to save Michael he ends
up saving this small woman instead but
just in time either way and the tall man
is unfazed by this turn of events Liz
then sees the point where her visions
converge with her current life path and
she calls out to Michael psychically
causing a little jingle in his ballsack
he's currently committed in a
psychiatric hospital and is resorted to
saying whatever is necessary to get
himself out it works and then he
immediately demonstrates why this was a
bad choice as he sets to digging up
Graves to prove the tall man was real
Reggie somehow he anticipates this and
finds him at the graveyard Michael
attempts to convince Reggie of the
importance of what he's doing by
revealing he has already dug up several
graves but that's even worse become to
find out that contrary to the opening
sequence of the movie the events
surrounding the omean didn't actually
happen or at least Reggie doesn't think
so
now he has to get back to his family and
do other normal things
that's awkward they're now in a
concurrent quest to seek out and destroy
the tall man they start by gathering
supplies after hours at the local
hardware slash gun slash machine shop
they take a few moments to just really
feel their creativity you know just let
their imaginations soar they leave a wad
of cash so it all evens out and they
begin their pursuit the trail is not
hard to pick up the tall man's path is
littered with small towns gutted and
dead full of empty cemeteries they stop
and each town to gear up and check the
funeral home like this one sometimes
there are traps and sometimes there is a
calling card oh it's nice to know he
remembered their last stop before
reaching the state line is Perigord
which we find out as Liz's hometown it
looks like the tall man's operation is
in full swing here
liz is at the funeral home with her
grandmother for her grandfather's
service there's some disturbances that
she is only mildly disturbed by might
can feel this and it energizes him to
keep moving the local priest enlisted or
possibly compelled to assist the tall
man completes a pagan ritual he's not
totally comfortable with and years of
celibacy have failed to condition him to
lock the door leading to an embarrassing
discovery in the back hallways liz is
just about to check a coffin with her
pin but is interrupted by the tall man
who winds up slurping his own juices
like a boss back with the fellas Mike
wakes up to find out they've picked up a
hitchhiker she introduces herself as
alchemy which is such a real thing they
pulled over to talk and Mike waits for
vichy to pull out his schlong before
telling him he's seen his prospective
girlfriend dead in his dreams - lonely -
let her go they agree to keep a close
eye on her instead back at Liz's house
she finds her granny has disappeared but
there's a calling card and also a
voiceover telling her to come to the
funeral home the gang arrives in
Perigord finding it not unlike the other
towns they go to the B&B run by
Alchemy's family but find it abandoned
Liz arrives at the funeral home which
works out because the boys are preparing
to do their standard check of the local
funeral home as well the priest is also
here getting in everyone's business
tall man doesn't like people touching
his items so he teaches him a lesson
Father Myers runs off to tattle on him
to Liz who then gets a full phantasm
experience attacked by an orb that
eviscerates someone in front of her
tossed around by the tall man tugged at
by dwarves she manages to escape and
following standard rom-com tropes
meets the literal man of her dream is
skulking around in an open grave how
cliche they regroup at home where they
all catch up and then bed down for the
night Michael is talking their dreams
this is great great you're not even
flying dude in Reggie's room things are
less Streamlight and are capped off with
an explosion downstairs a booby trap
went off taking out a neighborhood cat
causing Mike to have a tinge of regret
about his lifestyle although he quickly
learns how foolish it is to fuel
feelings when it distracts him enough to
allow Liz to be taken they respond
quickly and have little trouble chasing
down the hearse in their Hemi Cuda
unfortunately before they can get off
the shot Mike fails in his one
obligation don't drive like a turd and
keep the tires on the ground they
managed to get out and barely have a
moment to shed a tear for the Hemi
before they redirect their rage into
revenge they sneak in the back of the
funeral home and find a large store with
a strange lock in the embalming room
Reggie spikes the embalming fluid with
hydrochloric acid like a little
trickster and then they try to find an
orb to unlock the door and gain access
to whatever embarrassing secrets the
tall man has in his private room
meanwhile liz has been playing possum
while they warm up the hotbox and waits
until the last possible moment to roll
her ass out of the flames
luckily the henchmen just Wiggles her
neck little so she Castries him with a
shovel and then runs she and Mike then
have a confrontation with the henchmen
but when the orbs come to join in
everyone's in danger
the first orbs sticks itself to the door
and they all scatter when the golden
daddy shows up while this is happening
Reggie has his own altercation and very
nearly sticks his tongue out to denote
getting choked but regains his composure
and finds himself engaged in a chainsaw
fight meanwhile Liz and Mike are running
from Goldie which can break through
doors luckily for them it wears itself
out exploring this young man's insides
ending up embedded in his face
Reggie concludes his dilemma with a
risky flying spreading over a chainsaw
giving him the idea to bifurcate this
poor man's loins and we finally get to
watch him fire off the old quad barrel
they meet up and collect their prize
return to the door and thrust the ball
deep discovery another final room just
like the last one this time however the
tall man shows up to protect what's his
and back hands Reggie into another
dimension as Mike and Reggie fight their
way back into our world Liz prepares for
insertion tall man sprouts a baby arm
that gently scratches Mike's face a
little then they melt a Tatum which
seems to do the trick for now
alchemy shows up in a hot-wired hearse
and they take off relieved and relaxed
and they are laughing ah but only
momentarily
and that was phantasm to a solid
follow-up but without ever knowing
whether he'll get another film financed
don coscarelli seems devoted to weird
ambiguous twist endings if you enjoyed
the video I'd love for you to become a
part of the channel by subscribing
thanks for watching
[Music]